README.md, before:

# Pokemon shell scripts

some scripts to print out images of pokemons to terminal

## Description
Prints out colored images of pokemon onto your terminal

## Visuals
###Screenshots
![screenshot](./demo_images/demo_1.png)
![screenshot](./demo_images/demo_2.png)
![screenshot](./demo_images/demo_3.png)

## Installation
Within a particular ecosystem, there may be a common way of installing things, such as using Yarn, NuGet, or Homebrew. However, consider the possibility that whoever is reading your README is a novice and would like more guidance. Listing specific steps helps remove ambiguity and gets people to using your project as quickly as possible. If it only runs in a specific context like a particular programming language version or operating system or has dependencies that have to be installed manually, also add a Requirements subsection.

## Usage
Use examples liberally, and show the expected output if you can. It's helpful to have inline the smallest example of usage that you can demonstrate, while providing links to more sophisticated examples if they are too long to reasonably include in the README.

## Authors and acknowledgment
Show your appreciation to those who have contributed to the project.

## License
For open source projects, say how it is licensed.

Commit message:

updated readme with demo gif

README.md, after:

# Pokemon shell scripts

some scripts to print out images of pokemons to terminal

## Description
Prints out colored images of pokemon onto your terminal

## Visuals
### Screenshots
![screenshot](./demo_images/demo_1.png)
![screenshot](./demo_images/demo_2.png)
![screenshot](./demo_images/demo_3.png)

### Demo GIFs
![demo gif](./demo_images/poke_demo.gif)
the script set up to automatically show a random pokemon on terminal startup

## Installation
Within a particular ecosystem, there may be a common way of installing things, such as using Yarn, NuGet, or Homebrew. However, consider the possibility that whoever is reading your README is a novice and would like more guidance. Listing specific steps helps remove ambiguity and gets people to using your project as quickly as possible. If it only runs in a specific context like a particular programming language version or operating system or has dependencies that have to be installed manually, also add a Requirements subsection.

## Usage
Use examples liberally, and show the expected output if you can. It's helpful to have inline the smallest example of usage that you can demonstrate, while providing links to more sophisticated examples if they are too long to reasonably include in the README.

## Authors and acknowledgment
Show your appreciation to those who have contributed to the project.

## License
For open source projects, say how it is licensed.
